Generate keys (#73)
ggxchain/documentation: src/sydney-testnet/validator-guides/how-to-setup-a-validator-node.md

# How to Setup a Validator Node

Please make sure to follow the instructions carefully. Mistakes in setting up a node may get result in slashed tokens and may put the tokens of nominators at risk. Check our [Sydney Validator Program](../sydney-validator-programme.md) for requirements and incentives.

From the repository's root directory execute following commands in order:

```bash
docker build -f Dockerfile.sydney -t ggxchain-node:sydney .

mkdir -p data-sydney

docker run -d -it --restart=unless-stopped --ulimit nofile=100000:100000 \
    --name <INSERT_UNIQUE_NAME> \
    -p 127.0.0.1:9944:9944 \
    -p 127.0.0.1:9933:9933 \
    -p 127.0.0.1:9615:9615 \
    -p 0.0.0.0:30333:30333 \
    -v $(pwd)/custom-spec-files:/tmp \
    -v $(pwd)/data-sydney:/data-sydney \
    ggxchain-node:sydney \
    --wasm-execution Compiled \
    --database rocksdb \
    --rpc-cors all \
    --sync warp \
    --no-private-ip \
    --no-mdns \
    --state-pruning 256 \
    --blocks-pruning 256 \
    --node-key-type ed25519 \
    --node-key-file /data-sydney/node.key \
    --log info \
    --rpc-methods unsafe \
    --unsafe-rpc-external \
    --prometheus-external \
    --validator \

>     --chain /tmp/sydney.json \

Author: --chain sydney

mkdir -p data-sydney

docker run -d -it --restart=unless-stopped --ulimit nofile=100000:100000 \
    --name <INSERT_UNIQUE_NAME> \
    -p "127.0.0.1:9944" \
    -p "127.0.0.1:9933" \
    -p "127.0.0.1:9615" \
    -p "0.0.0.0:30333" \
    -v $(pwd)/custom-spec-files:/tmp \
    -v $(pwd)/data-sydney:/data-sydney \
    golden-gate-node:sydney \
    --wasm-execution Compiled \
    --database rocksdb \
    --rpc-cors all \
    --sync warp \
    --no-private-ip \
    --no-mdns \
    --state-pruning 256 \
    --blocks-pruning 256 \
    --node-key-type ed25519 \
    --node-key-file /data-sydney/node.key \
    --log info \
    --rpc-methods unsafe \
    --unsafe-rpc-external \
    --prometheus-external \
    --validator \
    --chain /tmp/sydney.json \
    --base-path=/data-sydney \
    --bootnodes /ip4/35.157.76.223/tcp/30333/p2p/12D3KooWBWWVjVUUNAPLxkA56WuqiPXeXaNsFTPorvK2Nk6CG9eJ \
    --telemetry-url 'wss://test.telemetry.sydney.ggxchain.io/submit 0'
```

Please note that is a recommended script to run for testnet, but you should be aware of some parameters that potentially can expose some security risks: 
* --rpc-methods unsafe
* --unsafe-rpc-external

> You don't need pruning if you want to run a full archive node for some purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do not need pruning if you want to run a full archive node for some purposes.
```
